AboutMe.js
I am an especially curious person with a variety of interests. I have built drones, bult a campervan, been a climbing instructor, lived in a van, learnt how to weld, been a mechanic, studied material sciences, now working as an IT consultant, but most importantly I build software. 
I plan to work full time as a developer, and I am currently studying informatics at NTNU. Right now, I am looking for an inspiring and educational summer job for the summer of 2022. I currently have part time work at Experis out the semester.

TecText.js
I have 4 years of coding experience in various languages and frameworks. I have tried a lot of different frameworks and languages in this time, but some stick better than others. I love web developing with react and typescript. I also really enjoy c++ and writhing fast code. I am yet to be the most experienced developer, but I might just be the most curious.

Campervan.js
The summer of 2021 I decided to build something big. I am an active climber, so I decided I wanted to build myself a van for traveling and climbing. I bought an empty van and started to work. In the span of 2 months, I had built a really nice camper as well as been on a weeklong climbing adventure. The work manly consisted of building a nice wooden interior, kitchen, desk, bed, and drawers. However, the most technical part was probably the electrical systems. I built a 12-volt power-system independent from the cars own electronics. This included a house-battery, 230v inverter, shore power charging port, solar panel and regulator, fuse boxes, lights, and chargers. I also installed a diesel-heater and gas burner as well as an electric fridge and freezer. The car is isolated well and suited for all year camping as far north as Trondheim and with a good blanked probably further north. I have lived fulltime in the car for over half a year and driven it all the way down to Spain to climb in Siurana and Margalef. Although really fun, I think the time for adventuring in the car is over for a while.

ArchUSB
The year I started studying at NTNU I quickly got introduced for Linux. I got help installing Manjaro as a dual boot on my laptop from some of the other developers at Dotkom. Pretty fast I fell in love with the package managers and how everything could be done through a terminal. After a while I became hungry for a cleaner distro and that’s when I got introduced to arch. Being quite new to Linux I did the sensible thing and installed a pure arch Linux system on my only laptop. I decided that a trial through fire was the best and fastest way to learn a new operating system. However, it quickly became apparent that this was less than ideal and when exams rolled around ended up failing a whole course manly because of Linux not being great with the eclipse specific testing library the professor had given us. A short month later I accidently did a “rm * -rf” in the root dictionary and had to retreat back to windows. 
Last semester I got the courage to try again, but this time wanted something even nerdier. I installed arch on a removable small usb drive. This installation was superlight with a headless start and i3 tile manager instead of a desktop environment. I got it configured for most laptops and since it is a usb I omitted the swap drive. This has so far been a great success. I use the usb for all my developing, and windows for documents and specific software. In the future I also want to find a way to bypass secure boot.
Link to my rice: 

Drone
This project I manly include because of how young I was when I did it. Being only 2000 years younger than Jesus I was only 13 in 2013. This was when I wanted to take my electrical knowledge to the next level. I bought 4 big motors, power supplies, controller cards, radio transmitters and a one wat to big lithium battery. I then built and configured a quadcopter. The monstrosity had a frame of wood and was a superheavy, almost meter in diameter, quite sketchy flying machine. First time turning it om I was in my living room. Oblivious to me I had configured the up and down directions reversed. The quadcopter was supposed to start with all the motors off, but since it thought it was upside down the onboard flight computer got super scared and decided to jump 3 meters high and do a barrel roll. 13-year-old me got a heartrate of well above 200 and panicky switched on the controller forgetting that it had not yet been configured. The throttle was reversed and as I threw the throttle down the quadcopter set all its motors to 100% thrust. It attacked the floor like it was personal and for a moment became the deadliest battle bot I have ever seen. 
Having gotten more adrenaline than in my past life I then went full Rambo and suffocated the poor machine with a pillow while ripping out as many wired I could. 
It died.
Anyways… I built another friendlier version and another after that. It never became especially graceful and to the last day it flew like a drunken squirrel. From this I learned manly 2 things, one that I should probably never be allowed to design self-driving cars, and two that I loved building droned much more than I liked fling them.
